feat(data): Add a Hai person ship: Sanujab (#136)
endless-sky/Endless-Sky-Delta: data/persons.txt

	explode "large explosion" 8
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `Voted the "ugliest ship in the sky" by Stars and Starships Magazine, the Protector is a typical example of brutally efficient Syndicate engineering. It is basically nothing more than eight turrets attached to a set of engines and crew's quarters, designed as a defense platform that can accompany merchant convoys.`

person "Sanujab"
	government "Hai"
	frequency 100
	personality
		disables harvests timid
	system
		government "Hai" "Quarg (Hai)"
	phrase
		word
			"Hey there!"
			"Vai bin so."
			"You're a human, right?"

> 			"Remember, only those of peace are allowed in Hai space." 2
> 			"I've never owned a Shield Beetle, and have got no intention of ever upgrading." 2
> 			"Do you know what time it is on Earth?"
> 			"Do you know what time it is on Hai-home?"
> 			"Nobody knows how I think. Not even myself." 2
> 			"I don't like fighting the Unfettered. Their Trackers are a nuisance." 2
> 			"They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck." 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"Remember, only those of peace are allowed in Hai space."
			"I've never owned a Shield Beetle, and have got no intention of ever upgrading."
			"Do you know what time it is on Earth?"
			"Do you know what time it is on Hai-home?"
			"Nobody knows how I think. Not even myself."
			"I don't like fighting the Unfettered. Their Trackers are a nuisance."
			"They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck."
```

Is there a purpose for the "2" on the end of several lines?

Author: Yes. It makes that hail more likely to be sent.
So "They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck." is more likely to show then "Do you know what time it is on Hai-home?"
Some of the hails are funnier/more likely to be sent by a real person, and so I was attempting to reflect that.

Reviewer: That is... weird that got sent before I sent the full review. 

In any case, thanks for the explanation. I'm good with that, then. No need to apply my suggestion.

Author: ```suggestion
			"Remember, only those of peace are allowed in Hai space."
			"I've never owned a Shield Beetle, and have got no intention of ever upgrading."
			"Nobody knows how I think. Not even myself."
			"I don't like fighting the Unfettered. Their Trackers are a nuisance."
			"They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck."
```
See my comment about hails below; this will be applied if that is answered to with a yes.

Author: ```suggestion
			"Remember, only those of peace are allowed in Hai space."
			"I've never owned a Shield Beetle, and have got no intention of ever upgrading."
			"Nobody knows how I think. Not even myself."
			"I don't like fighting the Unfettered. Their Trackers are a nuisance."
			"They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck."
			"Do you know what time it is on ${deep planets}?" 2
			"Better get a pen and pencil ready, I'm about to ask a whole bunch of questions!"
			"Did you know that we Hai already had a mountain named ${mountains} before we met you?"
			"Have you ever seen a ship named ${civilian}? It's an interesting name."
			"I can't decide what planet I'm from. Maybe ${hai planets}?"
```

Reviewer: Hmmm, not sure I'm a fan of the "I like saying random words" line, but the other additions look good. Maybe decrease the frequency of the "do you know what time it is" one from 4 down to 2. I think that should be enough.

	explode "large explosion" 8
	"final explode" "final explosion large"
	description `Voted the "ugliest ship in the sky" by Stars and Starships Magazine, the Protector is a typical example of brutally efficient Syndicate engineering. It is basically nothing more than eight turrets attached to a set of engines and crew's quarters, designed as a defense platform that can accompany merchant convoys.`

person "Sanujab"
	government "Hai"
	frequency 100
	personality
		disables harvests timid
	system
		government "Hai" "Quarg (Hai)"
	phrase
		word
			"Hey there!"
			"Vai bin so."
			"You're a human, right?"
			"Remember, only those of peace are allowed in Hai space." 2
			"I've never owned a Shield Beetle, and have got no intention of ever upgrading." 2
			"Do you know what time it is on Earth?"
			"Do you know what time it is on Hai-home?"
			"Nobody knows how I think. Not even myself." 2
			"I don't like fighting the Unfettered. Their Trackers are a nuisance." 2
			"They say Quantum Keystones make you lucky. Guess I'm in luck." 2
	ship "Cicada (Sanujab)" "No Lee Mon"

ship "Cicada" "Cicada (Sanujab)"

> 	add attributes
> 		"hull" 200

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd like to keep these to standard hulls, please.
